In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
NATHALIE: "Dust from the sky,
now precious,
will fix the wings
of the injured animal.
Combine the molten gold
with the meteorite powder.
Then add the peacock feather."
Miraculous, repair yourself!
It's perfect. As good as new!
Now it's completely safe to use.
Wow! I feel so much better!
What happened?
Oh! Nooroo!
Oh, wow! Everything
was so chaotic in my head!
Like a nightmare where I'd
fallen into very bad hands!
Sorry, old friend, but
the nightmare is not over yet!
Nooroo, Duusuu... Unify!
So, they all live in there?
Yes,
except for Nooroo and Duusuu,
who are being held captive
by the bad guys.
- Master Fu never let them out?
- Only kwamis like me
who have a holder like you can
go out into the human world.
But isn't it
a bit cramped in there?
Oh, no! There's a whole
parallel world inside!
Of course, being out here
is much more interesting!
You humans are so inventive!
Hmm.
(Laughter)
Whoo! Whoo!
I thought they couldn't get out.
Now that you're the Guardian,
the box has become like you!
Full of surprises!
That's amazing!
- Thanks, Tikki!
- Hey! She made that for me!
- That's my secret diary!
- Day. Night. Night. Day.
Wow! It makes music!
I love music!
Careful with my phone!
Oh, my! You have to see this!
The carts are
all moving on their own!
There isn't a single horse
to pull them!
- Look, Mom!
- Huh?
(Laughs)
It's a talking squishie!
But it's not for sale yet!
(Laughter)
Paris is getting ready to
celebrate Prince Ali's birthday.
- Marinette?
- Oh, Alya!
What do you think of
my new squishies? Cute, right?
What new squishies?
Marinette,
we're magical creatures.
We can't be seen or heard
on screens or in photographs.
That's why I'm not showing up
on these magic paintings!
Right. She can only see me
and I look completely
ridiculous, don't I?
- Marinette, are you feeling OK?
- Ah! Hey, girls!
So happy to see you! Now is just
the perfect time for a chat!
Did you say new squishies?
Show us!
Uh, squishies? What squishies?
Aaah!
- You OK?
- How did they lock themselves
- in this picture frame?
- They look so cute!
- I want her as my holder!
- She's taken!
Why does Trixx get to have
a holder when we don't?
You're acting
weirder than usual!
I'm just working out!
I came up with this workout.
It's a super special workout!
To, uh, be in shape
before making squishies!
You should get some fresh air.
You look overwhelmed.
Wait a minute. Awkward
gesturing, ridiculous babbling,
weird excuses,
clumsiness overload...
- (Gasp)
- Is Adrien there?
- What? Of course not!
- (Phone ringing)
Luka? Ah!
ALL: Luka?
(Mutters)
OTHERS: Oh, that's so cute!
(Phone ringing)
- Wow! Luka! Hi!
- Hi! Thanks for the pictures!
- What do you mean "thanks"?
- For the photos of your bedroom
- and of Adrien.
- Ah! My room! Yeah, I...
It's full of photos of Adrien
because I... uh...
I'm using them
for fashion pics for my blog
and I need your opinion, because
you have great taste, Adrien!
- My name is Luka.
- Ha, ha! Of course, Adr --
I mean, Luka!
You're Luka, obviously!
'Cause you're you and I am me.
Marinette! Ha, ha, ha!
I'm so sorry, it's just
that I've been so busted!
- I mean, busy!
- No problem, Marinette.
- It's cool. So, you ready?
- Ready for what?
- Well, our date.
- Marinette?
- Luka is waiting for you.
- Right!
OK, I'll be right there!
And remember, be good!
Hide, Tikki!
Wasn't your date with Luka
meant to be yesterday?
No! I completely forgot!
That's why we agreed
I'd come and pick you up today.
It's the last screening.
We can't miss it!
Of course! It would really be
a shame to miss, uh...
the thing we're gonna watch
at this screening! (Giggles)
I can't believe
they're showing it again!
It was so silly
when it came out 15 years ago,
- it can't be any better now!
- Honey, it was his first movie!
Think about your first baguette.
It was pretty bad!
Sure, the movie's
a bit mindless,
but we love him so much,
we swore we'd see it together.
I know! We're gonna see
Crocodile Heart!
Jagged Stone's first movie!
- Did you forget?
- Of course not!
And I don't have any other
emergencies right now, either!
So, come on, let's go!
"You are"... "You are"...
Is it, "You are...
the popcorn of my life?"
Nope.
It was the doughnut of my life!
Of course, the doughnut!
On the Candy Apple album.
His food phase, my favourite!
Two points for you!
Two orange juices, please.
Thank you. I got another one!
"I gave up everything..."
- "But my dreams!"
- Nice! Another point for you!
- I got one! "My guitar... "
- "Is my only family!"
On in his live concert.
I love that song!
Whoa! 20 points to 12.
Luka Couffaine, you are
officially his number-one fan!
And, uh, you... you win a prize.
Wow!
Jagged came by the bakery,
so I asked him
to sign it for you.
The rules are clear. This gift
entitles you to a second round.
"Under the moonlight,
by the sea?"
Under the moonlight by the sea?
It's on the tip of my tongue!
I know! His very first song!
"Under the moonlight,
by the sea, kiss me!"
- (Embarrassed laugh)
- OK. I mean, if you want to.
I do... want to.
- (Crash)
- Huh?
- What was that?
- Probably the subway!
It passes under the theatre.
I'm so thirsty all of a sudden!
I'm gonna go get some water!
You're gonna leave Luka
there all alone?
What'd I say? "Be right back.
Gotta fight some bad guys"?
Or "Gotta go.
By the way, I'm Ladybug"?
I'm the Guardian, so must keep
my identity even more secret.
Tikki! Spots on!
CAT NOIR: Hey, Bugaboo!
Here's your faithful companion,
at our rendezvous point,
just like always!
Time for our patrol.
Hope you've not forgotten.
- Bugaboo! Aaah!
- Cat Noir?
- Aaah!
- It's --
Huh?
Cut it out
with the practical jokes!
- I could have really hurt you!
- The only thing that hurts me,
is when you make me go
on patrol by myself.
I even missed
your little angry pout!
Sorry, Kittycat. I'm a bit
over my head at the moment.
I bet!
Guardian of the Miraculous?
Big name, big responsibility!
I promise I won't forget
our patrols again.
CAT NOIR: Woohoo!
(Sighs)
Phew! There was a huge line
at the water fountain,
so I went to buy bottles,
but there was an akuma alert!
They wouldn't let us out!
Good thing Ladybug
saved everyone! Aah!
Oh! Oh, no!
Is it over already?
Uh, the ice cream's gonna melt!
We need napkins! I'll be quick!
Huh!
- Bye.
- Bye, guys!
Luka! Stop!
Sorry, I remembered
I promised to help a friend!
I'll call you later!
I'd like to dedicate this song
to Marinette, a girl...
who's not here, as usual.
♪ I love unicorns,
I love unicorns ♪
I'm sorry. There were
mosquitoes on the boat!
I thought we needed
insect repellent,
- but the drugstore was closed!
- Shh!
Listen.
The song of the water.
If you listen carefully, at this
very spot, you'll hear a melody.
(Tinkling)
You know,
I never knew my father,
and my mom would never
bring herself to tell me.
When I couldn't deal with it,
I took refuge here
and the melody of the water
would console me.
What about you, Marinette? Where
do you go when you disappear?
- Uh...
- You tell me, I'll accept it.
If you're in love with Adrien,
I'll understand.
- I won't be jealous, you know.
- That's not it, not at all!
Whatever it is, I just want
it to be the honest truth.
The truth, Luka, is
the only thing I can't tell you.
Is there a betrayal worse than
the lies of the one you love?
Fly away, my evil akuma...
fly, my beautiful amok...
and rewrite the song
of this heartbroken boy!
Truth, I am Shadow Moth.
I'm giving you the power
to force people to tell you
their most sacred secrets!
Truth needs to be shared,
not taken by force, Shadow Moth!
Shadow Moth? No! Luka!
Please resist, I'm so sorry!
Why should you resist
when she doesn't trust you?
- Marinette does trust me!
- I do! Of course I do!
If she trusted you, then
she would tell you the truth!
Accept my power
and you'll know everything!
And all I ask of you in return
is to expose Ladybug
and Cat Noir's little secrets.
Run, Marinette!
In addition to your power,
you will be aided by Lighteye!
This Sentimonster
will be under your control.
It's time to expose the truth.
Tikki, spots on!
Bye, guys! See you!
(Gasps)
Tell me the truth!
What is Marinette's secret?
She is in love
with Adrien Agreste!
That's not a secret!
Tell me the truth!
What is Marinette's secret?
She is in love
with Adrien Agreste!
She must have another secret!
Cat Noir, Hawk Moth
has become Shadow Moth!
He's created a supervillain
and a Sentimonster!
I need you out here!
She doesn't have any secrets,
because she's the most
honest girl in the whole world!
Huh? (Gasps)
- What is Marinette's secret?
- She loves Adrien, I guess.
I'm the one waiting for you
this time! Enough!
(Gasps)
Luka?
Now you must tell the truth
to anyone who asks a question.
I'll do the honours.
Who are you, Ladybug?
I'll finally find out
Ladybug's true identity!
I am...
A super swimmer!
Pull them out, Truth!
Pull them out now!
I must know her secret identity!
Hey! What are you doing
on my ship, pirate?
It's time to tell me the truth,
Mom! Who is my father?
Luka,
your father is Jagged Stone.
I want the truth!
Who is really my father?
Jagged Stone.
Sorry, Shadow Moth, but
that truth can't be put on hold.
Don't worry, I'll never claw
a secret out of you, Milady!
♪ Oh, prince Ali,
you're one year older
♪ but to us you're still
a real rock 'n' roller! ♪
Hey! Easy on the spotlight,
buddy! It's only a rehearsal!
I am not your buddy. I am here
to find out if I'm your son.
- Uh, depends on who you are.
- Hey! I wanna play too!
- Truth or Dare?
- Truth and Dare.
Lighteye,
freeze Ladybug and Cat Noir!
My name is Luka Couffaine,
and I have the right
to know the truth!
Are you or are you not
my father?
Luka Couffaine?
Yes. I am your father!
What?
Why would you hide this from
me? And why did you abandon me?
I was too lame to take care
of a kid. I'm sorry, son,
but I spent my life on tour.
I live in hotels
with a crocodile.
I could never be the father
you'd need me to be.
Besides, it made for
a super cool song!
Ever heard "My guitar
is my only family"?
Why don't you write a song
about this?
Aaah!
- Follow them!
- Sorry, Shadow Moth.
I have one last truth
to uncover.
How can I be sure that
it's really the last one?
Because I always tell the truth.
Woohoo! My son is outta sight!
Now you stay outta sight
while we de-akumatise him!
Yoohoo!
(Chuckling)
Oh!
- What is Marinette's secret?
- She's in love with Adrien.
Not that secret!
Does she keep a diary?
- Yes. She hides it in her room.
- Perfect!
That should hold
all her secrets!
Good job, Lighteye!
Stay where you are.
I'll be there soon!
(Groans)
Your idea was spots on,
Bugaboo!
He'll find the box!
Hawk Moth will capture all of us
- and the world will end!
- Not if I can help it!
Wait! Your magical force
is too powerful
without a keeper! Remember
when Plagg sunk Atlantis?
So, we have a choice between
the end of the world
and the end of the world?
Lighteye, come back. Now!
That's the akumatised object,
got it! Cataclysm!
Milady, whenever you're ready,
call up your Lucky Charm!
Take it off. I have a plan!
Ladybug,
tell us what's your -- ?
Top three favourite qualities
in Cat Noir?
I have to say it's his courage,
self-confidence,
but really, the quality
I like most is his humour.
So you're saying you actually
like it when I clown around?
Yes, and I couldn't
do without it today!
Ladybug, under your mask,
what do you --
- Use when all seems lost?
- My Lucky Charm!
Aaah!
(Coughing) Huh?
Cat Noir!
Cat Noir, tell me what --
You think about
my new role as Guardian?
If it doesn't change things
between us, I'm good with it.
Lighteye, stop!
No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye!
Miraculous Ladybug!
What am I doing
in Marinette's room?
Thanks to my new powers,
truth is underway, Ladybug,
and nothing will stop it!
- Woohoo!
- Ah, it's been a while
- since I've had that much fun!
- If battling a supervillain
with three eyes and a monster
buddy is your idea of fun,
what are your other days like?
A baddie, a Sentimonster
and Shadow Moth?
It's even more exciting
with his new name!
He can change his name
as often as he likes,
- he'll still never win.
- You can count on me
- and my jokes, Bugaboo!
- You don't have to overdo it.
Truth is, I only ever have
this much fun with you.
Catch you later! Whee!
I don't want to lie to you,
Luka.
I don't think I can...
I mean, maybe we should...
When you're ready,
I'll be here, Marinette.
Huh?
If there's one thing I can do,
son,
it's taking emotions and
turning them into great songs.
Should we write one together?
(Crying) As long as Shadow Moth
is a threat
to the people I love,
I can't have a boyfriend.
It's too dangerous.
What is that strange liquid
running from her eyes?
It's tears! That's so sad!
Are we supposed to do something?
Uh... Just give me a hug.
Aw!